Support LoRA for all Linear layers (#248)
Lightning-AI/lit-gpt: tutorials/finetune_lora.md

This script will save checkpoints periodically to the folder `out/`.

> **Note**: LoRA can be applied to not only `query`, `key` or `value` matrices, but also to `projection`, `mlp` and classification `head`.</br>

Reviewer: Did you mean to use this? https://github.com/orgs/community/discussions/16925, if so, it's missing the ">"

```suggestion
**Note**: LoRA can be applied to not only `query`, `key` or `value` matrices, but also to `projection`, `mlp` and classification `head`.</br>
```

Also I suggest avoiding "br" to break lines. You can just add newlines

Author: Yes, initially wanted to do this, but later decided that it "attracts" too much attention.
Given that it's actually an important information - I'll add ">" sign.

I prefer to use breaklines sometimes when I want the text to start from a new line and to not have too much spacing between lines, so it looks like a single block of text.
But I agree, since breaklines are not used anywhere else for the consistency I'll remove them.
Plus they don't work with ">" sign anyway :)

Accordingly to [QLoRA](https://arxiv.org/abs/2305.14314) paper (section 4): "LoRA on all linear transformer block layers are required to match full finetuning performance".</br>

> By default LoRA applied only to `query` and `value` matrices. In order to apply LoRA to other weight matrices - change config in `finetune/lora.py` accordingly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default LoRA is applied only to the `query` and `value` matrices. In order to apply LoRA to other weight matrices - change the variables in `finetune/lora.py` accordingly.
```

Author: ![giphy](https://github.com/Lightning-AI/lit-gpt/assets/58434077/315d0664-42b9-4e7d-8d24-b569420c9295)

Well, it comes to no surprise that recruiters don't particularly believe me when I say that my english is decent.

Reviewer: Who needs proper English when you have proper code :wink:

Author: That's smart. 

<img src="https://github.com/Lightning-AI/lit-gpt/assets/58434077/5785e372-4161-4747-a29e-0ed08d7bdbd3" alt="drawing" width="200"/>
